Been thinking it over—
Each day it seems
My serving Jehovah
Falls into the same routine.
The things that I’m doing now
I’ve always done.
So it’s clear that I need to break out—
Out of my comfort zone.
Now I’m making a change starting from today.
I’m turning a page, yes, I’m on my way.
Jehovah, I see what I need to do.
I’m changing direction and trusting in you.
It’s gonna take courage,
But now I see
How changing my thinking
Renews and refreshes me.
I’m trying some new things,
and I’m energized.
There were doors that were opening wide,
But I never realized.
So I’m making a change, and I’m on my way.
I’m turning a page each and ev’ry day.
Jehovah, I see what I need to do.
I’m changing direction and trusting in you.
Back then, I remember when
It seemed it wouldn’t happen.
Some days, well, I have to say,
I didn’t know why.
But now I can see just how
My boldness led to blessings.
I’m sure there’ll be many more
As time goes rolling by.
Now I’m turning a page each and ev’ry day.
I’m making some changes along the way.
Jehovah, I saw what I had to do,
And you gave me your blessing
for trusting in you.
So I’m making a change starting from today.
I’m turning a page, yes, I’m on my way.
Jehovah, I see what I need to do.
I’m changing direction.
So I’m making a change, and I’m on my way.
I’m turning a page each and ev’ry day.
Jehovah, I see what I need to do.
I’m changing direction
and trusting in you—
Trusting in you.